---
title: phpMyFAQ news from 2015
description: What happened this year so far?
canonical: news/2015
layout: news_md.hbs
---

###2015-06-13
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.8.23](/download), the "Christopher Lee"
release. This release updates the bundled Symfony Classloader and fixes a lot of issues.

###2015-05-01
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce the phpMyFAQ App for iOS! <a rel="nofollow" target="_blank" href="http://www.bis-programmierung.de/">
Rolf Warnecke</a> created this free app the last months together with some help from Thorsten. The App requires iOS 7.1
or later and for sure, a phpMyFAQ installation.

###2015-03-31
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.8.22](/download), the "Helmut Dietl"
release. This release updates the Czech and the Brazilian Portuguese translations and fixes some minor issues.

###2015-02-28
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.8.21](/download), the "Leonard Nimoy" release. It adds experimental
rewrite rules for IIS7 and IIS8 and includes improved usability in admin backend and HTML5 support in editor. We also
improved the PHP code coverage and updated the Brazilian Portuguese translation. As always, we fixed some minor bugs
reported by our awesome users.

###2015-02-07
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.8.20](/download), the "Richard von Weizsäcker"
release. This release adds experimental support for the upcoming PHP 7 and for HHVM 3.4.2+, updates the Brazilian
Portuguese and French translation and fixes some minor issues.

###2015-02-01
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce the first preview version of the next major version of phpMyFAQ, 
[phpMyFAQ 2.9.0-alpha2](/download), the "Je suis Charlie" release. This release adds experimental support for the 
upcoming PHP 7 and for HHVM 3.4.2+. We added the possibility for inactive, hidden categories, to disable registration 
and we added a tag management frontend. We added a control for meta robots handling, a configuration for auto-activation 
of new users and finally support for SMTP. We upgraded the bundled libraries to Symfony ClassLoader 2.6.3, jQuery 
1.11.2, Bootstrap 3.3.2, FontAwesome 4.3.0, Modernizr 2.8.3, TinyMCE 4.1.7 and SwiftMailer 5.3.1. Please note that some 
functionality is still missing and don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report 
bugs!

###2015-01-06
* * *
Today we relaunched our website. In the last couple of weeks we decoupled our almost 14 year old website into variuous
side projects to improve the maintainability of our infrastructure. The new page is completely revamped from the ground
and was developed with the "mobile first" paradigm in mind.
The new page is built using Yeoman, Grunt, Bower, Assemble and Handlebars, more and more content is just stored 
just as plain Markdown files. It's a static site which will be "assembled" during deployment. We also improved our URL 
structure. We hope, you like it. If you want to check the code, it's open source, grab it <a rel="nofollow" 
target="_blank" href="https://github.com/phpMyFAQ/www.phpmyfaq.de">at Github</a>, if you  found a bug, please report it 
at <a rel="nofollow" target="_blank" href="https://github.com/phpMyFAQ/www.phpmyfaq.de/issues">at Github</a> as well.