---
title: phpMyFAQ news from 2016
description: What happened this year so far?
canonical: news/2016
layout: news_md.hbs
---

###2016-04-17
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.9.0-RC4](/download), the "Jan Böhmermann"
release. This release fixes issues reported from our RC testers. Please note that you shouldn't use this version in
production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

###2016-04-11
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.8.27](/download), the "Hans-Dietrich Genscher" release and
[phpMyFAQ 2.9.0-RC3](/download), the "Johan Cruyff" release. Both releases fixes a security vulnerability, all users of
affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade as soon as possible to this latest versions! A detailed
[security advisory](/security/advisory-2016-04-11) is available. phpMyFAQ 2.8.27 also adds the possibility to use
fullscreen videos and compatibility with MySQL 5.7. We also fixed some minor bugs. phpMyFAQ 2.9.0-RC3 removes Mermaid
and fixes a lot of issues reported from our RC testers. Please note that you shouldn't use this version in production
systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

###2016-03-20
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.9.0-RC2](/download), the "Guido Westerwelle" release. This
release adds support for Mermaid if Markdown is enabled and fixes a lot of issues reported from our RC testers. Please
note that you shouldn't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

###2016-03-12
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.9.0-RC](/download), the "George Martin"
release. This release is our first release candidate and adds as last feature private notes per FAQ for administrators,
updates the Russian translation and fixes a lot of issues reported from our beta testers. Please note that you shouldn't
use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

###2016-02-12
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.8.26](/download), the "15 years of phpMyFAQ Edition" release. This
release drops support for Internet Explorer 9 and 10. We also updated the Italian and Norwegian Bokmål translation. We
also fixed some minor bugs. Happy Birthday, phpMyFAQ!

###2016-01-06
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.9.0-beta2](/download), the "Lemmy Kilmister"
release. This release adds support for Elasticsearch and we added new mobile first, touch-friendly default layout. We
also added a JSON export and a simple bash based backup script. We fixed a lot of issues reported from our beta testers.
Please note that you shouldn't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!
