---
title: phpMyFAQ news from 2023
description: What happened this year so far?
canonical: news/2023
layout: news_md.hbs
---

### 2023-05-29
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.2.0-RC](/download), the "Tina Turner" release. 
With the release candidate, we fixed all reported and known issues.
Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!.

### 2023-05-17
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.1.14](/download), the "Kami Rita" release.
This release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, we updated all bundled dependencies, and fixed all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-05-17).

### 2023-05-14
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.2.0-beta.2](/download), the "Happy Birthday, 
Israel" release. With the third preview release, we fixed all reported and known issues. Please don't use this version 
in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!.

### 2023-04-30
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.2.0-beta](/download), the "Harry Belafonte" release. With the 
second preview release, we added Symfony HttpFoundation to improve stability and maintainability, removed the broken 
link verification and the translation frontend for users. Additionally, we updated the bundled TinyMCE to v6.3. We fixed
all reported issues and security vulnerabilities. Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this 
version and please report bugs!

### 2023-04-23
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.1.13](/download), the "Al Jaffee" release.
This release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, and we fixed all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-04-23).

### 2023-03-31
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.2.0-alpha](/download), the "Lance Reddick" release. With the first
preview release we changed the PHP requirement to PHP 8.1.0 or later and introduced HTTPS as the new default. If you use
MariaDB, MySQL, Percona Server or Galera Cluster, phpMyFAQ now only supports InnoDB. We added support for PHP 8.2, 2FA
(Two Factor Authentication) support, an experimental Azure AD login, the option to use Google ReCaptcha, our own new
REST API v2.2 to fetch groups and add categories, a verification of backup files, an option to disable questions and
notifications and a new mobile first, touch-friendly default layout. We removed the experimental large permissions
support with sections, we migrated from SwiftMailer to Symfony Mailer and we also refactored our codebase to use PHP 8.1
language features. Additionally, we updated to Bootstrap v5.3 and bundled TinyMCE v6.3. Please don't use this version in
production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

### 2023-03-20
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.1.12](/download), the "Dick Fosbury" release.
This release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, and we fixed all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-03-20).

### 2023-02-12
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.1.11](/download), the "Lisa Marie Presley" release. This release 
fixes multiple vulnerabilities, and we fixed all reported issues. We also celebrate the 22nd birthday of this little 
project. 🎉🍾🥳
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-02-12).

### 2023-01-15
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.1.10](/download), the "Jeff Beck" release.
This release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, and we fixed all reported issues. We wish everyone a happy new year!
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-01-15).
