---
title: phpMyFAQ news from 2024
description: What happened this year so far?
canonical: news/2024
layout: news_md.hbs
---

### 2024-10-23
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 4.0.0-RC.2](/download), the "Paul Di’Anno" release.
We fixed all reported issues.
Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

### 2024-10-14
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 4.0.0-RC](/download),
the "Kris Kristofferson" release.
The first release candidate of phpMyFAQ 4.0.0 comes with no new features.
We stabilized everything for the next major release, and we fixed all reported issues.
Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

### 2024-09-22
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 4.0.0-beta.2](/download), the "Tito Jackson" release.
This release adds an experimental support for WebAuthn, a new layout, and we fixed all reported issues.

### 2024-09-01
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 4.0.0-beta](/download),
the "Alain Delon" release.
The first beta release of phpMyFAQ 4.0.0 comes with a lot of new improvements.
We started to work on the new layout for the next major release, which will evolve over the next beta releases.
Additionally, we fixed all reported issues.
Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

### 2024-07-23
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 4.0.0-alpha.4](/download) and [phpMyFAQ 3.2.9](/download),
the "Duke Fakir" releases.
These releases fix bugs introduced in the last release.

### 2024-07-21
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 4.0.0-alpha.3](/download) and [phpMyFAQ 3.2.8](/download), 
the "Shannen Doherty" releases.
phpMyFAQ 4.0.0-alpha.3 comes with new features like the Twig Template Engine, Trending FAQs and Admins can now add 
custom CSS via admin configuration. We added an experimental Plugin Manager to Extend functionality and added a new 
"Share With" feature. To improve SEO, we added support for Rich Snippets. Additional improvements include an enhanced 
Installation/Update process and the Admin Session Timeout returns better warnings. We removed the old "Send to Friend" 
feature, and we migrated to a new Markdown Class. The French translation was updated. These releases both fixes a 
serious vulnerability, and we fixed all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2024-07-21).

### 2024-06-07
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.2.7](/download),
the "Richard M. Sherman" release.
This release updates and improve the cookie consent, and we fixed all reported issues.

### 2024-06-01
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 4.0.0-alpha.2](/download), the "Peter Higgs" release, featuring 
significant enhancements and new features. Key updates include the integration of Twig as the new template engine for 
the admin backend, offering improved customization and flexibility. The release also introduces REST API v3 with OpenAPI 
specification, facilitating better standardization and integration capabilities. Additionally, this version adds 
experimental support for PHP 8.4, ensuring compatibility with upcoming PHP features. The outdated REST API v2 has been 
removed, and the Polish translation has been updated for better user experience. Please don't use this version in 
production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

### 2024-03-25
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.2.6](/download),
the "Alexei Nawalny" release.
These release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, and we fixed all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2024-03-25).

### 2024-02-12
* * *
We're excited to unveil phpMyFAQ 4.0.0-alpha, marking a significant milestone as we celebrate its 23rd Birthday!
With this release, we've raised the bar, now requiring PHP 8.2 or later, ensuring compatibility with the latest 
advancements in the PHP ecosystem. Moreover, we've revamped the rewrite rules for both Apache and nginx.
In terms of structure, we've reorganized the folder layout. As we continuously evolve, we're also laying the groundwork 
for future enhancements with the addition of Twig as our new template engine, promising more flexibility and efficiency 
in rendering dynamic content. Additionally, we're thrilled to introduce Symfony Routing for powerful routing 
capabilities to manage URL routing effortlessly.
Administrators will rejoice with the introduction of a revamped admin configuration frontend, offering a more intuitive 
and user-friendly experience. Category management receives a substantial upgrade, now boasting full drag and drop 
sorting support for effortless organization. We've also redesigned the FAQ management frontend, providing administrators 
with more control and efficiency in managing frequently asked questions. Not stopping there, we've introduced the 
ability to sort sticky FAQs, providing finer control over content prioritization. Furthermore, we've added the 
flexibility to enable or disable cookie consent. Administrators will find joy in our experimental online update feature,
providing a streamlined process for keeping phpMyFAQ up to date with the latest enhancements and fixes.
Developers will appreciate the introduction of REST API v3.0, opening up new possibilities. To further streamline 
deployment, we've included Kubernetes manifest samples, making it easier than ever to deploy phpMyFAQ in a 
containerized environment. Additionally, we're excited to introduce experimental support for importing FAQs from CSV,
offering a convenient way to migrate content from external sources. Administrators can now export user sessions to CSV 
format for further analysis and insights. In this release, we bid farewell to Twitter/X support, as well as the ability 
to add custom meta-content in templates, streamlining the codebase for improved maintainability and performance.
We've also made significant improvements under the hood, migrating from Yarn to PNPM for package management
and transitioning from Fork Awesome to Bootstrap Icons for better iconography support. Leveraging the latest language 
features of PHP 8.2, we've optimized the codebase for performance and maintainability. Lastly, we've updated PHPUnit to 
version 11, ensuring robust testing capabilities for developers. With phpMyFAQ 4.0.0-alpha, we're setting the stage for 
a more powerful, flexible, and user-friendly experience, paving the way for even greater innovations in the future.
Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

### 2024-02-05
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.2.5](/download),
the "Carl Weathers" release.
These release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, and we fixed all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2024-02-05).

### 2024-01-10
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.2.4](/download), the "Franz Beckenbauer" release.
We updated all bundled dependencies, and fixed all reported issues.

### 2024-01-02
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team wish you a happy new year 2024. From now on phpMyFAQ 3.1 is without support,
please only use phpMyFAQ 3.2.
We are already working hard on the next version 4.0.